README.md, before:

# Slimi

[![test](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/actions/workflows/test.yml)

Yet another implementation for [Slim](https://github.com/slim-template/slim) template language.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'slimi'
```

And then execute:

```
bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```
gem install slimi
```

## Usage

TBD.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Slimi project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Add more detailed descripton about this project motivation

README.md, after:

# Slimi

[![test](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/actions/workflows/test.yml)

Yet another implementation for [Slim](https://github.com/slim-template/slim) template language.

The current goal is to generate AST with detailed location information so that the embedded Ruby code in slim templates can be auto-corrected by Linter such as RuboCop.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'slimi'
```

And then execute:

```
bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```
gem install slimi
```

## Usage

TBD.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Slimi project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/r7kamura/slimi/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
